WI #557: Preview - Refinement of FOCUS Columns Normative Requirements (#664)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/columns/chargeclass.md

Charge Class indicates whether the row represents a correction to a previously invoiced [*billing period*](#glossary:billing-period). Charge Class is commonly used to differentiate corrections from regularly incurred charges.

---
The ChargeClass column adheres to the following requirements:

* ChargeClass MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* ChargeClass MUST be of type String.
* ChargeClass MUST be null when the row does not represent a correction or when it represents a correction within the current *billing period*.

> * When the row represents a correction to a previously invoiced *billing period*, the following applies:

Reviewer: Should this be "If"? Also aligning to a previous suggestion...
```suggestion
* If the row represents a correction to a previously invoiced *billing period*, the column adheres to the following additional requirements:
```

Author: Opted for 'when' instead of 'if'. In the upcoming 'Simplified' version, this will be applied across the board.

Author: BTW, good catch 😄
